Have you ever masturbated while you were on the phone to someone? 
Would you or have you ever made a sex toy? 
Would you or have you ever made an item of clothing for sexual purposes? 
How often do you masturbate when %YourPartner% is away for the night? 
Do you read erotic fiction? What type? Would you read it to %YourPartner%? 
What aspect of sex do you like the most? Foreplay, cuddling, penetrative, orgasm, denial? 
Which seems is the most important for you in sex? Sight, sound, smell, touch, taste, or some combination? 
Are second rounds exciting or exhausting?
Are you in the mood to be dominant or submissive?
Can I penetrate your ass with my finger/my cock/a toy, tonight/now?
Describe how an orgasm feels
Describe how %YourPartner% makes love in three words
Describe the best sexual experience you’ve ever had with %YourPartner%
Describe the last fantasy you had about me?
Describe the last piece of erotica you have read?
Describe to %YourPartner% how you like to masturbate/cum
Describe your perfect romantic evening
Did somebody see you naked by accident? (explain)
Did you ever accidentally see someone naked? (explain)
Did you ever think about %YourPartner% having sex with the same gender someone?
Did you ever watch gay/lesbian porn?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Do you discuss your sex life with any of your friends? If so, what and with whom?
Do you ever fantasize about having sex with any of %YourPartner%'s friends? Who?
Do you ever fantasize when having sex? About what?
Do you ever find people of the same sex attractive?
Do you ever wish your cock were bigger?
Do you fake orgasm while looking sideways or looking the person straight in the face?
Do you have a fetish you haven’t revealed to %YourPartner%? If so, what is it?
Do you have an “I’m getting laid tonight” outfit? What is it?
Do you have any clothes from the opposite sex? Why do you have them?
Do you have any spicy pictures or videos saved on your phone?
Do you have sex fantasies about me?
Do you like being nibbled on or lightly bitten? Where?
Do you like the idea of being seen?
Do you like the lights on or off during sex?
Do you like to be tied up and blindfolded or would you rather do the tying and blindfolding?
Do you like to be told what to do, sex-wise?
Do you like to be told what to do?
Do you like to be watched?
Do you like to cum on %YourPartner%?
Do you like to read erotic stories? Or did you in the past?
Do you own any sex toys?
Do you prefer being tied up or doing the tying up?
Do you prefer sex with or without a condom?
Do you prefer to dominate or be dominated by %YourPartner%?
Do you prefer to initiate sex with %YourPartner% or do you like it when they take charge?
Do you think any of your limits have changed that I might not know about, if so what?
Do you want to wear a gag or would you prefer that %YourPartner% was gagged?
Do you wish that %YourPartner% was more dominant or more submissive?
Do you wish %YourPartner% was kinkier/naughtier?
Does being used for %YourPartner%'s pleasure excite you? How about using %YourPartner%?
Does naughty talk get you aroused?
During a sexual encounter, if we could have a threesome, who would you invite to join us?
Did you ever taste your cum?
Would you fuck a girl with another guy?
If a girl said that she would try anal if you tried it first with a strapon, what would you say?
If women were willing to pay you for sex, would you become a male prostitute?
If you had a choice between a girl 24 inches smaller than you or a girl 12 inches taller than you, who would you choose?
would you ever fuck %YourPartner% with another guy?
Do you ever wish you had a bigger penis? 
Has anyone ever seen you naked by accident? (explain)
Has %YourPartner% ever laughed at you during sex?
Have you done any of the following? Just say yes or no for each- gang bang, anal sex, 69, toy play, sex outside
Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
Have you ever been caught having sex? Explain what happened.
Have you ever been caught masturbating? Explain what happened.
Have you ever been completely rejected by someone?
Have you ever been fucked at a party?
Have you ever been submissive to someone in the bedroom?
Have you ever been to a sex show?
Have you ever been with a stranger?
Have you ever caught someone masturbating? Explain what happened.
Have you ever cheated/wanted to cheat?
Have you ever dominated someone?
Have you ever done anything sexual in public?
Have you ever done it in a car?
Have you ever dressed up in %YourPartner%'s clothes with their knowledge?
Have you ever dressed up in %YourPartner%'s clothes without their knowledge?
Have you ever experimented with the same sex?
Have you ever faked an orgasm?
Have you ever fantasized about anything sexual with someone of your same sex?
Have you ever fantasized about watching your lover have sex with someone else? Or perhaps the other way around?
Have you ever felt like tearing off %YourPartner%'s clothes?
Have you ever fingered (or been fingered in) an asshole?
Have you ever fucked with someone watching?
Have you ever given or received a lap dance?
Have you ever given a cumshot?
Have you ever gone out while wearing sex clothes?
Have you ever gotten a blowjob in the car?
Have you ever had a homosexual experience?
Have you ever had a same-sex experience?
Have you ever had an orgy?
Have you ever had role play sex? Would you?
Have you ever had sex in public? Do you want to try?
Have you ever had sex in public? Where?
Have you ever had sex in your or %YourPartner%'s place of work?
Have you ever had sex when other people were in the same room?
Have you ever had sex with someone before you had even kissed them?
Have you ever had video chat sex with someone?
Have you ever hired a prostitute?
Have you ever kissed more than 1 member of the same family?
Have you ever lied to %YourPartner% to avoid an intimate moment, for example, say that you feel sick?
Have you ever masturbated when %YourPartner% was in the house?
Have you ever paid someone for sex (even phone sex, cam-girl, physical etc)?
Have you ever peed in a pool?
Have you ever played an erotic pc game?
Have you ever received nudes?
Have you ever refused to go down on a girl/guy? Why?
Have you ever regretted having sex with someone immediately afterwards?
Have you ever said no to a partner’s sexual idea? What was it?
Have you ever sent nudes?
Have you ever sexted anyone? If so, what did it say?
Have you ever skinny dipped?
Have you ever tasted cum?
Have you ever thought about filming sex with %YourPartner%?
Have you ever tried anal sex? Would you?
Have you ever tried anal?
Have you ever used a chastity device without %YourPartner% knowing? How long were you locked up?
Have you ever used a strap on with %YourPartner%? Or would you?
Have you ever walked in on someone else having sex or any sexual act?
Have you ever wanted to have sex with someone that you’d never want to date?
Have you ever watched gay porn by yourself?
Have you ever witnessed people having sex?
Have you ever worn panties or women’s clothing?
Have you/would you play act Hooker & John with a pickup in a public place?
How aggressive could you get during sex?
How big is your cock?
How big is your dick?
How big was the biggest cock / biggest tits you’ve ever seen? Maybe on the Internet? Try to remember!
How kinky is your sex life? Why isn't it kinkier?
How long would you be willing to go without orgasm?
How many people have you had sex with?
How many people have you had sex with? Name any you can remember.
How many people have you slept with whose names you do not remember? Describe one such event.
How many people have you slept with?
How often do you plan sex with %YourPartner%? Why not more often?
How often do you spontaneously initiate sex with %YourPartner%? Why not more often?
How often do you talk about your sex life together outside the bedroom? Why not more often?
How often do you watch something naughty?
How old do you think is “too old” for someone to still be a virgin?
How would you edge %YourPartner%?
How would you like me to address you now? (Use my name, Sweetheart, Master, Mistress, Daddy, Slut, Cocksucker, Bull, etc.)
How would you like to decide how %YourPartner% and you fool around and fuck tonight/now? (%YourPartner% makes all the decisions, you make all the decisions, bet on it, let it happen organically, etc.)
How would you tie %YourPartner% up?
How would you want to be tied up?
If I was to manual stimulate you right now describe what you would like me to do?
If I was to perform anal play on you right now describe what you would like me to do?
If I was to perform oral on you right now describe what you would like me to do?
If I was to talk dirty to you tonight/now, what kind of things would you like to hear?
If I were handcuffed to the bed, what would you do to me?
If I were to pretend to be someone else while fucking tonight/now who would you like me to be?
If I would perform any sexual act on you right now what would it be?
If it was just you and %YourPartner% in your house, would you wear clothes?
If you could only have sex in one position for a month, what position would you pick?
If you were to fuck right now what position would you like to be in?
If you were to role play tonight/now what scenario would you like to act out?
If you could add 4 inches to your penis or 4 inches to your height, what would you choose?
If you could change genders for just one day, what’s the first thing that you’d do?
If you could fuck anyone in the world who would it be?
If you could fuck anyone in the world(celebrity, politician, social media influencer, etc) who would it be?
If you could have a threesome with 2 people, who would you choose?
If you could have a threesome with two people, who would you choose?
If you could have one sexual super power what would it be?
If you could only choose 2 things for %YourPartner% to wear, what would they be?
If you could perform any sexual act on me right now what would it be?
If you could pick an outfit for me to wear to fuck you in tonight/now what would it be?
If you got to have a threesome, who would you do it with and why?
If you had a choice between a girl with obviously fake breasts or tiny natural breasts, what would you choose? Why?
If you had the chance to do plastic surgery, what would you change about your body?
If you had to change one thing about %YourPartner%, what would it be?
If you had to choose between a partner with a great face and horrible body OR a partner with a terrible face and great body, what would you choose?
If you had to pick a sex toy to use tonight what would you pick and how would you use it (doesn't have to be something you have)?
If you have see someone having sex in front of you, which would you prefer: classic couple, gay couple, lesbian couple?
If you knew you only had a short time left on earth, would you tell your crush that you love them?
If you must see someone having sex in front of you, which you prefer: classic couple, gay couple, lesbian couple?
If you played the role of a sex toy or doll, how you you like %YourPartner% to pleasure themselves with you? What are your limits?
If you were a superhero, what would your outfit be?
If you were given $250 to spend on improving your sex life, what would you spend it on?
If you were given a hall pass to fuck for one night would you pick a rich person or someone with porn star qualities?
If you were going to include one other person in a sexual activity, would it be a stranger or someone you know? Who?
If you were into the same sex, which celebrity would you go for?
If you were invisible for a day, what would you do with your superpower?
If you were to create an original sex move, what would you call it?
If you were to do manual stimulation right now what position would you like to be in?
If you were to give anal play right now what position would you like to be in?
If you were to give manual stimulation right now what position would you like to be in?
If you were to give oral sex right now, what position would you like to be in?
If you were to have a threesome, who would you want the third person to be?
If you were to pretend to be someone else while fucking tonight/now who would you like to be?
If you were to receive anal play right now what position would you like to be in?
If you were to receive oral right now what position would you like to be in?
If you woke up tomorrow as a different gender, what dirty things would you do?
If %YourPartner% wanted to have threesome with another guy would you let them?
If your ultimate fantasy girl/guy told you that the only way they would have sex with you is if you both snowballed afterwards, would you do it?
In electrosex play, do you prefer to be stimulated or to hold the control box?
Is sex better when you’re in love or when the person is unknown and mysterious?
Is the cumshot something you find sexual?
Is there a person who everyone thinks is ugly, but you find to be really hot?
Is there anything new you would like to explore sexually?
Is there someone who everyone thinks is hot, but you think is ugly?
Is there something that you’ve dreamt of doing for a long time? Why haven’t you done it?
Is there something you've seen in a steamy movie that you'd like to try?
Missionary, doggy style, cowgirl, reverse cowgirl or 69?
Name all the people that you made orgasm?
Name three things you enjoy %YourPartner% does when making love
Name two places where you would want to have sex with %YourPartner%
On a scale of 1 to 5, how dirty is your mood where 5 is the dirtiest?
One choice for the rest of your life oral or penetrative sex?
Partner names 3 celebrities - you must pick 1 to fight, 1 to fuck and 1 to holiday with
Rank your top 3 positions to have intercourse in.
Rank your top 3 positions to perform manual stimulation in.
Rank your top 3 positions to perform oral in.
Rank your top 3 positions to receive manual stimulation in.
Rank your top 3 positions to receive oral in.
Rank your top 5 people you would like to fuck other then me.
Read about a new fetish, and talk about it.
Say 2 nice things about %YourPartner%
Sexy body or big package/breasts?
Shaved, trim, or natural?
Shaved, trimmed or unmanaged pubes?
Slow or Rough sex? What is your preference?
Spit or swallow?
Tell me about the best sex you ever had.
Tell me a fantasy that you have never shared with someone before.
Tell me a fantasy you would like to act out that you have not done (ever or recently)?
Tell me about a really embarrassing sex story involving you?
Tell me a fantasy you'd like to try.
Tell me how you lost your virginity. Add as much specific details about about the foreplay and sex acts performed as you remember.
Tell me two lies and one truth.
Tell me what you want me to do to you right now.
The last time that you bought a sex toy, what was it that you bought?
What age were you when you first masturbated?
What are 2 naugthy things you've done with %YourPartner% that you liked and would do again?
What are all your measurements? Waist, chest, cock, nipples, hips, thighs, bust, crotch, foot, ankle, hand, wrist, etc.
What are the biggest cock/tits you have seen that are not %YourPartner%s?
What are three embarassing sex toys that you own? Get them out and show me.
What are you most anxious about?
What are you most excited about?
What are your thoughts on biting/spanking/slapping?
What body part do you find most attractive?
What body part of the opposite sex turns you on?
What can %YourPartner% do or say to you to put you in the mood?
What celebrity have you last had a fantasy about?
What celebrity would you most likely fuck if you could right now?
What could %YourPartner% say to get you instantly hard/wet?
What currently is your favorite position to masturbate in?
What does %YourPartner% do that makes you cum fast?
What do you enjoy more? Is it slow and tender sex or hot and passionate sex?
What do you hope is true about your sex life in 1 year?
Which would you prefer - Seeing %YourPartner% giving oral sex to another person of the same gender or different?
What do you think about anal?
What do you think about BDSM/Physical domination?
What do you think about bondage?
What do you think about cosplay?
What do you think about cumplay?
What do you think about foot worship?
What do you think about making porn?
What do you think about public sex?
What do you think about role play?
What do you think about voyeurism and exhibitionism?
What do you think about watching porn?
What do you think about water sports?
What do you think about when you masturbate? Who knows, maybe they think about you.
What do you think I could do that would make you cum fast?
What do you think is the easiest way to seduce %YourPartner%?
What do you think the sexiest part of my body is?
What do you think the sexiest part of your body is?
What don't you want to tell %YourPartner% about your sexual desires?
What fantasy do you want to try but are anxious to tell %YourPartner% about?
What fictional character do you have sexual fantasies about?
What foreplay act are you looking forward to performing?
What foreplay act are you looking forward to receiving?
What has changed in your sex life that you regret?
What have you been masturbating to lately?
What is a fantasy you'd like to try?
What is a somewhat weird fetish that you would actually try?
What is something you haven't tried in the bedroom but would like to?
What is the biggest penis you have ever seen in real life?
What is the horniest you’ve ever felt?
What is the hottest memory you have?
What is the kinkiest thing you've tried? Did you like it?
What is the kinkiest thing you’ve done during sex?
What is the longest period of time you’ve gone without masturbating?
What is the most amount of orgasms you have ever had in a single day?
What is the most important part of a man/woman’s anatomy?
What is the most sexually adventurous thing you’d want someone to do to you?
What is the most you’ve done for sex in the past?
What is the song that you get it on to the most?
What is the weirdest thing that turns you on?
What is your biggest turn off towards a partner?
What is your dirtiest fantasy?
What is your favorite body part for %YourPartner% to suck on?
What is your favorite lingerie/underwear for a special night?
What is your favorite piece of clothing and why?
What is your favorite place to have sex?
What is your favorite sex position? Why?
What is your favorite sex toy?
What is your favorite thing about %YourPartner% in the bedroom?
What is your favorite thing you've tried during sex?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your least favorite sex position and why?
What is %YourPartner%'s most attractive physical trait?
What is your wildest fantasy?
What item of clothing do you think I look sexiest in?
What kind of foreplay would you like to try the next time you are in bed?
What kind of porn do you love/hate? Why?
What kinds of role playing have you done before? Secretary and boss? Prisoner and jail warden? Fireman and damsel in distress? Something else?
What oral sex techniques do you enjoy the most?
What panties are you wearing?
What person that we know would you want to have a threesome with if you had to choose?
What porn have you been searching for and/or watching lately?
What position would you like to watch me masturbate in?
What public place have you had sex in?
What question would you most dread to be asked? Don’t answer it!
What race is sexiest to you all around
What sex act have you done that you will never do again?
What sex toy do you want to try out that you haven’t tried already?
What sex toy would you want to use on %YourPartner%?
What sexual act would you like me to perform right now?
What sexual act would you like to perform right now?
What style of underwear do you prefer on me, thongs, lace underwear, see-through, boxers, hides-nothing, etc?
What three sex acts would you only do once (unless you discovered you enjoyed then)?
What turns you on the most in someone of the opposite sex?
What type of porn did you watch when you masturbated last time?
What was it like the 1st time you went down on someone?
What was the best sex of your life?
What was the last fantasy of %YourPartner% that you acted out?
What was the last sexual achievement you shared with someone and when?
What was the last sexual image that turned you on and when did you see it?
What was the last thing you did in bed that exhilarated you sexually?
What was the last thing you fantasized about %YourPartner% doing?
What was the most embarrassing time you got turned on?
What was your quickest orgasm ever?
What would be more thrilling: angry sex or make-up sex?
What would be the title of your sex tape?
What would be your dream outfit to see under %YourPartner%'s clothes?
What would be your favourite way to give oral?
What would be your favourite way to receive oral?
What would you allow %YourPartner% to do during threesome?
What would you do if you ever got trapped on an island for a week? What would you take with you if you could take 3 things?
What would you do if you found out %YourPartner% used to be a prostitute?
What would you like to see me doing that would make my tits bounce?
What would you like to watch me perform solo right now?
What would %YourPartner%’s porn star name be?
What's something dirty you've always been too shy to say to %YourPartner%?
What's something you think is hot, but wouldn't do yourself? Why not?
What's the filthiest thing you've imagined doing to %YourPartner%?
What's the most uncomfortable sex talk you've had with somebody?
What's the naughtiest thing that you have done in public?
What's the quickest way to get you off?
What's the weirdest porn you used to masturbate to?
What's your favorite sex act to give?
What's your favorite sex act to receive?
What's your favorite type of foreplay?
What's your favorite way to make yourself look sexy?
What’s #1 on your sexual bucket list right now?
What’s a sexual fantasy you’ve always wanted to explore with %YourPartner%?
What’s one thing you would change about me?
When you last masturbated, who were you visualizing?
What’s something that you definitely wouldn’t do in bed?
What’s something you’re afraid to tell me?
What’s the biggest age difference between you and someone you’ve kissed/slept with/dated?
What’s the craziest sexual thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the dirtiest dream that you’ve ever had?
What’s the filthiest thing you’ve imagined doing to me?
What’s the first thing you’d do if you could inhabit the body of the opposite sex for one hour?
What’s the furthest you’ve ever gone with someone the first time you met them?
What’s the longest time you can live without sex?
What’s the most embarrassing moment of your life?
What’s the most embarrassing sexual experience for you?
What’s the most number of times you’ve done it in one day?
What’s the most satisfying orgasm you’ve ever had?
What’s the sexiest item of clothing you own?
What’s the sluttiest, nastiest thing you think you could do?
What’s the sluttiest, nastiest thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the worst way you’ve broken up with someone?
What’s your favorite body part on a girl?
What’s your favorite fantasy to pleasure yourself to?
What’s your favorite movie?
What’s your favorite position?
Whats the most attractive body part of the opposite sex for you?
Whats your favorite sex position?
When and where did you last masturbate outdoors?
When creating an erotic video, do you prefer being behind the camera or in front?
When did you last go to a sex shop and what did you buy?
When did you last use a sex toy and what was it?
When did you lose your virginity?
When was a time you were so turned on you couldn’t stand it?
When was the first time you came?
When was the first time you masturbated? What was it to?
When was the last time that you looked at porn without %YourPartner% knowing?
When was the last time you cheated on someone?
When was the last time you had a hard on?
When was the last time you had a sex dream? What was it?
When was the last time you kissed someone?
Do you like your hair pulled during sex?
Would you rather tie me up, or lick chocolate sauce off me?
Would you rather receive a dirty text message, e-mail or voice mail?
Do you like male strip-teases? Have you seen one in real life?
Do you like female strip-teases? Have you seen one in real life?
When was the last time you looked at someone and just thought about sex? Who was it?
When was the last time you masturbated?
When was the last time you masturbated? What was it to?
When was the last time you talked about sex with your friends and what did you say?
When was the last time you watched porn?
When was the last time you watched porn? What kind?
When’s the last time you’ve skinny dipped?
Where do you draw the line on what you won't do during sex?
Where is the craziest place you’ve ever had sex?
Where is the craziest place you’ve ever wanted to have sex?
Where would you like to cum tonight/now? (Pussy, Ass, Mouth, Face, Tits, On self, etc.)
Where would you like to fool around next?
Where would you like to fuck next?
Where would you like to have sex, that you never have?
Where would you rather deliver a cumshot: pussy, back, ass, tits, mouth, other?
Which is your favorite kind of sex: soft, slow, and sweet or aggressive, fast, and feisty?
Which of our friends have you last had a fantasy about?
Which of our friends would you most likely fuck if you could right now?
Which outfit do you think looks sexy on your lover?
Which states/countries have you had sex in?
While shopping, what one thing could %YourPartner% offer to do to make you pay for everything?
Who do you think about during sex other than me?
Who do you think about when you masturbate?
Who had the biggest dick/tits you’ve seen in person? How big?
Who is the person that you’ve been most attracted to in your entire life?
Who prefers being tied up more - you or %YourPartner%?
Will you be jealous if somebody else will see %YourPartner% fully naked?
Would watching %YourPartner% lick your genitals clean after sex excite you?
Would you be interested in group sex?
Would you eat your own cum or take a self facial?
Would you enjoy it if %YourPartner% kissed your neck and gave you a love bite?
Would you enjoy making %YourPartner% cum just for the fun of it, without getting anything in return? If so, what are your favorite ways to please them?
Would you ever be fucked by more than one girl?
Would you ever bring someone else or a couple into the bedroom?
Would you ever consider making a porno?
Would you ever fuck %YourPartner% with another guy?
Would you ever get fucked by more than one guy at a time?
Would you ever have a threesome with 2 guys & just 1 girl? What about a threesome with 2 girls & 1 guy?
Would you ever have a threesome? Male or female?
Would you ever have sex in public? Where?
Would you ever let someone else watch you and %YourPartner% have sex?
Would you ever watch %YourPartner% have sex with another person? Which gender?
Would you fuck shemale/trap?
Would you fuck %YourPartner%/be fucked your by %YourPartner% with strapon?
Would you go to a boudoir photographer to get erotic pictures for %YourPartner%?
Would you go to a nude beach with %YourPartner%?
Would you have a handjob race with %YourPartner% and another male?
Would you have sex in front of strangers with %YourPartner%?
Would you have sex with someone in front of %YourPartner%?
Would you let %YourPartner% lick your butt?
Would you let %YourPartner% rip a hole in or rip off some of your clothes in order to get pleasured faster?
Would you let %YourPartner% watch you masturbate?
Would you like to have a private dungeon at home? What would you equip it with?
Would you like your ass penetrated tonight/now, if so with what? (Finger, cock, toy, etc.)
Would you prefer a big cock or sexy body?
Would you prefer to dominate %YourPartner% in bed or do you want %YourPartner% to dominate you in bed?
Would you prefer to see me in hot pants or a short skirt?
Would you prefer to watch other people having sex, or to be watched having sex?
Would you rather be tied up and forced to give head, or give head to a tied up partner?
Would you rather fuck someone 20 years older or 20 years younger?
Would you rather give or receive pleasure?
Would you rather go out with a toy controlled by %YourPartner% on/in or go out without underwear?
Would you rather go out without underwear or with nipple clamps on?
Would you rather have a nice body or a big cock/tits?
Would you rather have a threesome with someone of the same sex OR make a porn movie with %YourPartner%?
Would you rather make out in the bath or the shower?
Would you rather never have sex again or let %YourPartner% have sex with someone else one time?
Would you rather read a sex manual by yourself or with %YourPartner%?
Would you rather shave your pubes or %YourPartner% shave theirs?
Would you rather video %YourPartner% masturbating or vice versa?
Would you rather wash %YourPartner% or be washed by them?
Would you rather watch or be watched masturbating or having sex?
Would you rather wear a chastity device or hold the key to %YourPartner%'s device?
Would you rather wear a collar or a butt plug in public?
Would you rather %YourPartner% be sexually blessed or really fit?
Would you say you’re more dominant or submissive?
Would you shave off your pubic hair if %YourPartner% asked?
Would you spend all day dressed in sex clothes if %YourPartner% did the same?
Would you try or have you ever tried to selfsuck?
Would you use a hall pass if you were given one?
Would you wear a buttplug/or want %YourPartner% to wear one?
Would you wear a skintight rubber outfit? What color would it be?
What is the most times that you have cum in a single day?
Have you ever tasted human milk? 
How would you rate your kinkiness? (0 - not at all, 5 - up for anything)
Describe an event where you orgasmed when you were not expecting to.
Have you ever used a vegetable as a masturbation aid?
Have you ever made a cast of your genitals?
How many different people have touched your breasts/cock in a sexual way?
Is there a sexual situation that you didn’t pursue and now regret not pursuing?
